Release v0.1.0 [19200] (#92)
eProsima/AML-IP: amlip_docs/rst/notes/notes.rst

> This is the first release of eProsima *AML-IP*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the first release of eProsima *AML-IP* (Algebraic Machine Learning - Integrating Platform).
```

This release includes the following **User Interface features**:

* C++ API
* Python API
* Add implementation of DDS entities.
* Add implementation of Multiservice protocol.

> * Add implementation of Asynchronous Multiservice protocol.

Reviewer: Add "Custom RPC communication over DDS"

* New internal package :code:`amlip_demo_nodes` to include the demos packages.
* Dockerfile for creating a docker image with AML-IP.

> This release supports the following **:term:`Scenarios <Scenario>` features**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release supports the following **Deployment Scenarios**:
```

* :ref:`Monitor State <user_manual_scenarios_status>`

> * :ref:`Workload Distribution <user_manual_scenarios_workload_distribution>`

Reviewer: Missing collaborative learning and distributed inference scenarios

> This release includes the following **:term:`Nodes <Node>` features**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes the following new **AML-IP Nodes**:
```

* :ref:`Status <user_manual_nodes_status>`
* :ref:`Main <user_manual_nodes_main>`
* :ref:`Computing <user_manual_nodes_computing>`
* Asynchronous Main

> * Asynchronous Computing

Reviewer: link to those two nodes

* :ref:`Edge <user_manual_nodes_edge>`
* :ref:`Inference <user_manual_nodes_inference>`
* :ref:`Asynchronous Edge <user_manual_nodes_async_edge>`
* :ref:`Asynchronous Inference <user_manual_nodes_async_inference>`

> * Agent Nodes:

Reviewer: link to agent node

Reviewer: missing link

    * Client
    * Server
    * Turn

> This release includes the following **Data Types features**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes the following new **AML-IP Data Types**:
```

* :ref:`Status <user_manual_status_data_type>`
* :ref:`Job <user_manual_scenarios_workload_distribution_job>`
* :ref:`Job Solution <user_manual_scenarios_workload_distribution_solution>`
* :ref:`Inference <user_manual_datatype_inference>`
* :ref:`Inference Solution <user_manual_datatype_inference_solution>`

This release includes the following **Demos**:

* :ref:`demo_workload_distribution`
* :ref:`demo_inference`
* :ref:`demo_rosbot2r_inference`

This release includes the following **Documentation features**:

* This same Documentation
* API Code Documentation

This release includes the following **Continuous Integration features**:

> 

Reviewer: Add new line with "Continuous Integration deployment in GitHub Actions" and the link to actions tab
